Update the docs for working with Flink and REST catalog (#12726)
apache/iceberg: docs/docs/flink-connector.md

In Flink, the SQL `CREATE TABLE test (..) WITH ('connector'='iceberg', ...)` will create a Flink table in current Flink catalog (use [GenericInMemoryCatalog](https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-release-{{ flinkVersionMajor }}/docs/dev/table/catalogs/#genericinmemorycatalog) by default),
which is just mapping to the underlying iceberg table instead of maintaining iceberg table directly in current Flink catalog.

> To create the table in Flink SQL by using SQL syntax `CREATE TABLE test (..) WITH ('connector'='iceberg', ...)`,  Flink iceberg connector provides some table properties. The valid property values are described on the [Flink Configuration](flink-configuration.md) page in detail. Here are some examples below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the table in Flink SQL by using SQL syntax `CREATE TABLE test (..) WITH ('connector'='iceberg', ...)`,  Flink iceberg connector allows setting the catalog properties through table properties. The valid property values are described on the [Flink Configuration](flink-configuration.md#catalog-configuration) page in detail. Here are some examples below:
```

> To create the table in Flink SQL by using SQL syntax `CREATE TABLE test (..) WITH ('connector'='iceberg', ...)`,  Flink iceberg connector allows setting the catalog properties through table properties. The valid property values are described on the [Flink Configuration](flink-configuration.md#catalog-configuration) page in detail. Here are some examples below:

Reviewer 2: English is not my first language, but I've never seen ":" being used in this way. I would expect an example following immediately.

Reviewer: Thanks for the review.
Removed the "Here are some examples below:" part

);
```

## Table managed in REST catalog

> The following SQL will create a Flink table in current Flink catalog, which maps to the iceberg table `default_database.flink_table` managed in rest catalog

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following SQL will create a Flink table in current Flink catalog, which maps to the iceberg table `default_database.flink_table` managed in REST catalog
```

     ...
);
```

> 

Reviewer: I still see the line removal

> 

Author: Sorry my bad. Fixed it
